The Party cake
Murder case
JIWOO: HAEWON!
LILY: HAEWON~
[JIWOO, LILY pleased to see HAEWON]
HAEWON: Oh you're here?
HAEWON: Y'all know what day it is today, right?
JIWOO: Of course~
JIWOO: Celebration party!!
HAEWON: My election celebration party!
[JIWOO, LILY congratulating]
LILY: This is so nice~
LILY: You're not even a superstar
LILY: Such a waste
LILY: Hmph
[HAEWON spots someone]
JIWOO: Could you be a freshman...?
HAEWON: Yeah, this is my first time seeing you?
JIWOO
Free spirit, youngest in the Drama club
LILY
Method actress, ace of the Drama club
HAEWON
Elected Co-student Council President
Head of the Drama club
The school's most popular club
The Drama club
LILY: Hi, nice to meet you
HAEWON: Wait, if you're a freshman...
HAEWON: You haven't picked a club yet, right?
JIWOO: We're in the drama club!
JIWOO: Would you like to join us?
Freshman) Ah, I'll think about...
HAEWON: Oh you're going to fill out the form right away?
HAEWON: Alright, let's go, it's over there!
[Very efficient Drama club]
Freshman) Uh, what should I do...
Freshman) First, let's run...!
SULLYOON: You know what day it is today, right?
KYUJIN: Of course, isn't it the student president election party?
Freshman) Ah...;
BAE: Are you the new student everyone said was coming today?
BAE
Center of gossip, Gossip Girl
Debate club's Queen of communication
KYUJIN
The truth lies in tarot
Debate club's Fortune-teller
SULLYOON
Elected Co-Student Council President
Head of the Debate club
The smartest club on campus
The Debate club
[Meets the Debate club after escaping the Drama club]
BAE: Nice to meet you!
BAE: This is the place where only elites gather
BAE: the Debate club!
(translation: Hi, wanna join?)
BAE: Are you also coming to the party today?
Freshman) No, I have something after class-...
BAE: I'll be waiting for you
Freshman) Sorry? Wait a sec;
Freshman) Miss...!
(Will you join the party?/ YES)
Freshman)...?
Heading to the party venue
Students entering the joint president election celebration party
[Drama club ace showing expressive reactions]
The party venue, decorated to perfection
JIWOO: It does look pretty
JIWOO: This is gonna be fun
LILY: Where's the cake?
SULLYOON: [Ikr] You can't have a party without cake
JIWOO: Seriously can you even have a party without a cake?
Today's main!
Where's the party cake...?
BAE: Hey~!
BAE: Did you call me?
[BAE enters dragging something in]
It's the party cake for today!
LILY: That's the cake...?
BAE: It's the president's celebration party
BAE: It'd be sad to have that without cake~
Today's star
Co-Student Council Presidents
HAEWON & SULLYOON
BAE: SULLYOON, HAEWON~
BAE: [Making the cake] It took me 12 hours~
BAE personally made the cake for today
Did she marinate it in sauce?
[How did it take 12 hours....?]
BAE: You have no idea how much effort I put in for you
KYUJIN: I'm so curious♥
The co-presidents open the cake together
[BAE is excited]
Are you ready?
BAE: You know my baking skills, right?
[Known on campus as BAEKING]
- Of course we do
- You're super famous
[Expectations sky-high for the 12-hour-aged cake]
HAEWON: We'll open it then!
[Heart pounding♥]
Our beautiful cake...
The cake is ruined
HAEWON: It's supposed to be a happy day
HAEWON: How did it end up like this?
SULLYOON: What? Why does my cake look like that...?
Someone ruined the party
JIWOO: Who could've done such a thing...
LILY: It's definitely not me
KYUJIN: Ugh, I've got a bad feeling about today...
BAE: I'll find out who did this
[Who ruined the party]
[Students in shock]
[12 hours of work gone]
The cake, brutally murdered
The girls' screams filling the room
Q. How are you feeling?
[BAE faints]
HAEWON: What is this?!!
HAEWON: Hey, it's so gross...
[Second round of fainting]
KYUJIN: BAE!!!
[No Look hospital]
HAEWON: Someone take her to the hospital
KYUJIN: E-... excuse me!
KYUJIN: 119!!!
12-hour cake
[BAE needed more sleep]
Such a good day and yet
A tragic event at the celebration party...
[reenacted through drama performance]
JIWOO: Who was it!!!
[Classic Drama club loudness]
JIWOO: Who ruined our party!!!
Q. Was it really faint-worthy?
KYUJIN: It was a really important, beautiful cake
KYUJIN: made to celebration our presidents' election
[BAE regains consciousness]
[Tada★]
[BAE's still sleepy]
BAE barely regains her senses
[More casualties incoming]
President SULLYOON still in shock...
HAEWON: Who was it...!
HAEWON: Was it you?!!
[Didn't you see me faint?]
SULLYOON: There's no way it was me....;
HAEWON: You, right now...
[starting to suspect]
HAEWON: just because you became co-president...
HAEWON: I think it was SULLYOON
[By that logic, aren't you too?]
HAEWON: She didn't like that it was a joint party
SULLYOON: No way, it's still my celebration party after all
HAEWON: She always got jealous of how many followers I had
SULLYOON: Tsk...
SULLYOON: That's not true
Could it be that SULLYOON ruined the cake out of spite for being co-president?
JIWOO: Could it be that she used the bathroom excuse to mess up the cake then?
BAE: I still can't believe any of our members would do something like this
LILY: You're way too nice
Wasn't it you?
[sharp deduction]
Nice person -> hypocrite -> culprit
HAEWON: You're seriously evil
Wasn't it you?
LILY: How dare you...
LILY: doubt me
Wasn't it you?
[fainted just from looking...]
LILY: All of us...
The culprit is among us!
Everyone here is a suspect!
HAEWON: At this point, it's just you
[She does fall a lot]
HAEWON: Maybe you tripped while bringing the cake
HAEWON: and just pretended nothing happened?
BAE: What are you talking about!
Absolutely not!!!
Q. Did you maybe also faint while carrying it?
BAE: Me?!
BAE: It's obviously not me
[The sous vide cake]
BAE: I'm the one who spent 12 hours
BAE: making that cake
[Ta-da★]
[Oh my; sorry;]
BAE: There's no way this happened from just falling over!!
Or maybe someone was hungry!(?)
[JIWOO's reasoning actually makes sense]
[Who's hungry]
HAEWON: Hey, raise your hands!
HAEWON: Three two one!
[Everyone's hungry, therefore everyone's a suspect]
HAEWON: Could you all show me your pretty mouths?
If someone actually ate it there'll be traces left on their lips
[not a sound effect]
LILY: Plus no matter how hungry you are...
[culprit hadn't eaten in 3 days?]
eating it like that is just...
BAE: And anyone can see that!
BAE: It's too...
Has BAE discovered something?
What could BAE's deduction be?
It's red.
[shocking revelation]
[LILY tries to deduce by smell]
KYUJIN: Huh? Wait, there's cream on you
[cream smudged while sniffing]
[not missing the chance]
KYUJIN: Could this be...?
[accusation]
HAEWON: an evidence?
LILY: What are you talking about :') I just...
BAE: Look at her hair!
[shaking with anger]
LILY: Are you guys...
seriously blind?!
[Poor LILY, she might shoot someone soon]
LILY: But seriously, why?
LILY: Why would anyone ruin this party!
HAEWON: Oh? Hold on
HAEWON: Seeing that you've been angry for a while now
[classic blame move]
HAEWON: The one who smelt it, dealt it
Dealt it?!!
[Didn't fart, but still mad]
HAEWON: Can we not get stuck on the fart part;?
LILY: Why would I ruin a perfectly fine cake?
LILY: I obviously have a brain!
LILY: I don't know who it was but...
LILY: That person
[Why would you do that~]
is a really mean one
BAE refusing to accept this reality
LILY: I'm telling you it was BAE!
LILY: I've never seen BAE act this dramatic before
I act like this every day though?
KYUJIN: Of course she'd react this way, it's her cake....
LILY: Look how she's defending her!
Wasn't it KYUJIN?!
Do you have proof?
[Oh my oh my, look at her confidence]
[Isolation of the innocent]
KYUJIN: Are you accusing me of being the culprit?
[acting suspicious]
She really can't act though;
KYUJIN: Hold on, stop!
[KYUJIN pulls something out]
BAE: Don't tell me that card...!
It's a tarot card
LILY: It's a tarot card?
[The school's famous tarot reader]
[Her suspicious shuffling skills]
Look at her eyes
[Awkward shuffle sounds]
[One in four fate]
HAEWON: And there are only four cards
[Peeking mid-shuffle]
BAE: Hey don't memorize them:')
BAE: Guys, let's let fate decide
BAE: We've always asked KYUJIN for readings before
[1 chance out of 4]
BAE: She's never been wrong!
What's today's fat going to be?
HAEWON: You're the one drawing?
[Shuffles and draws herself]
[like she read her own fortune]
Anyway the card she drew!
What will it reveal...!
BAE: What...?
BAE: It's... it's burning!!!
It symbolizes unexpected destruction, sudden change,
and the collapse of stability
That's really bad
[Very straightforward interpretation]
BAE: It must mean something terrible!!!!
KYUJIN: It's the worst!!!
[trembling in fear]
HAEWON: I'm completely speechless!!!
[detailed interpretation ver.]
KYUJIN: The meaning of this card is...
[Fun little tarot time]
Crisis
Failure
KYUJIN: What now...?
(confused)
[Her tarot reading is truly chaotic]
KYUJIN: Confusion!!!
[So much confusion!]
JIWOO: I'm so confused!!!
[sets a new record for fainting]
HAEWON: Wait a sec!
[The type of person magicians hate]
HAEWON: What are the other cards?
DEATH?!?!
HAEWON: Hey that one looks even wors-
HAEWON: I'm telling you
HAEWON: only the Debate club people would pull something like this off
JIWOO: That's what I'm saying!
JIWOO: The ones who ruined the cake...
JIWOO: has to be the Debate club, right?
Debate club / Topic: Gossip
- Just look at how they usually act
JIWOO: It absolutely looks like that to me?
JIWOO: They debate so much they've become all brain, no heart~
HAEWON: Right~
BAE: You're all acting right now though
Q. Do the Drama club and Debate club not get along?
BAE: There's been tension between us and the Drama club
KYUJIN: The atmosphere isn't exactly
KYUJIN: what you'd call smooth
[with the Debate club]
HAEWON: We never thought we weren't on good terms
HAEWON: They just have...
an inferiority complex?
JIWOO: Debate club members are such show-offs
HAEWON: It's not like we have anything
HAEWON: to fight about with the Debate club
HAEWON: Since we...
don't see them as being on the same level
HAEWON: I can see your brains working overtime right now
[generating logic and rebuttals]
Ha!
[Because we're the Debate club]
KYUJIN: We obviously have to win in a debate
But!
KYUJIN: As the Drama club
KYUJIN: the only ones who can..
KYUJIN: act this well...
is them~(?)
[Drama club suddenly gets praised]
- Thanks for the compliment
Tsundere
Is the Debate club secretly warmhearted?
BAE: Let's reveal the truth through debat-....
[Can't hear]
HAEWON: Our method acting has finally been recognized!
[Kya-haha♥]
The Drama club's sass beats the Debate club's eloquence
[standing their logical ground]
BAE: You're only acting because you ruined the cake
SULLYOON: Either way, one of us is definitely the culprit
SULLYOON: so should we each give our alibi?
KYUJIN: Alibi Allasyong~?
[Ah...]
[JIWOO's alibi]
JIWOO: I was busy practicing DJing
JIWOO: with my friends
[practicing with her mouth since there's no equipment]
[HAEWON's alibi]
HAEWON: I was busy writing my president acceptance speech
LILY: Did anyone see you doing that?
LILY: Writing the speech?
Each-others witnesses
HAEWON&SULLYOON wrote the speech together
HAEWON: Oh!
HAEWON: You...
HAEWON: came 10 minutes late to the time we agreed to write it
[SULLYOON's alibi]
SULLYOON: That's because I overslept a little
HAEWON: Using oversleeping as an excuse...
SULLYOON: If you think about it
[As expected of the Debate club president]
SULLYOON: you were also alone for those 10 minutes, weren't you?
[Drama club president silenced by logic]
LILY: My alibi's solid!
[In celebration of the election win]
LILY: I was preparing a performance for the celebration stage
HAEWON: Where were you?
LILY: In the practice room!
HAEWON: Hey, where did you put the cake?
Cake was left in the classroom
[Right next to the classroom]
HAEWON: The practice room's next door to it
KYUJIN: Yeah, it's right next door?
LILY: Since when, I...(?)
LILY: Normally .. th-... that...
HAEWON: You don't even know where the practice room is?!!
[You said you were practicing but you don't know where it is?!]
LILY: The practice room...
LILY: another team reserved it before so...
BAE: What?!
BAE: Who reserved it?
LILY: The Debate club!
BAE: Debate club...?
BAE: Us?
LILY: Huh?
SULLYOON: You're acting suspicious
HAEWON: One lie leads to another
HAEWON: and another
HAEWON: until you're a liar, liar, liar
LILY: Okay fine, I don't actually know who reserved it...!
[Everyone eyeing the suspect]
- I just wanted to blame you guys
KYUJIN: So she's the culprit...
HAEWON: A ball of lies
[BAE's alibi]
BAE: I checked here one last time during lunch
BAE: with the Cheerleading club
BAE usually hangs out with the cheerleaders
LILY: Why'd you suddenly hang out with the cheerleaders?
[Close with every club]
BAE: Well I'm close with them
LILY: But the Cheerleading club was using the practice room
BAE: Huh?
BAE: You said you didn't know before
[The more she talks, the more tangled it gets]
HAEWON: I'm seriously going crazy...
KYUJIN: As for me
KYUJIN: even during lunch
[KYUJIN's alibi]
KYUJIN: I was quietly sitting in the classroom looking at tarot cards
BAE: Wait!
BAE: Hold on, in the classroom?!
BAE: During lunch, I...
KYUJIN, alone in the same classroom where the cake was?
LILY: And you didn't see the cake? In the classroom?
KYUJIN: Nope, didn't notice it
[Busy looking at 4 cards?]
KYUJIN: Because I was busy looking at the tarot cards
JIWOO: After you ate lunch?
KYUJIN: Yeah!
[Hunger deduction method]
JIWOO: If she had lunch, she wouldn't be hungry
BAE: Hey, but after lunch, you always.....!
HAEWON: After a meal
[universal rule]
you crave something sweet
[Oops!]
JIWOO: Dessert stomach...!
HAEWON: Are you looking down on
HAEWON: girls' dessert stomachs?
[Major flaw in the hunger deduction logic!]
HAEWON: You're not a girl though!!!
JIWOO: OMG!
BAE: There's a separate stomach for dessert!
The complex anatomy of girls' stomachs
Meals and desserts are completely separate!
LILY: So you're admitting it then?
[Because you were craving dessert?!]
LILY: That you were hungry?
However KYUJIN ate the dessert that came with school lunch
like fruit
like bubble tea
like fried chicken
[At this school, fried chicken is dessert...]
[?]
LILY: Our school lunch sounds amazing
SULLYOON: Why? Did you skip lunch today or something?
[Even staying quiet sparks suspicion]
HAEWON: What were you doing during lunch?
JIWOO: Oh yeah~?
BAE: Why did you do that?!
So suspicious...
Is LILY the one who ruined the party?
BAE: Why isn't anyone stopping this :') Somebody stop this :')
[BAE's panicking because no one's stopping it]
Now's not the time to fight!
The decide to calm down and focus on finding the culprit
LILY: The entire Drama club right now is...
SULLYOON: You are the Drama club lol
[This is basically a confession at this point]
JIWOO: As expected, the Debate club is good with words~
KYUJIN: As expected, the Drama club is good at acting
[Two clubs exchanging warm compliments]
SULLYOON: Anyway, how about we...
SULLYOON: preserve the scene
SULLYOON: and talk somewhere else?
HAEWON: Alright, let's quietly and carefully step out then
[Exiting politely and carefully]
- Don't touch anything
- Don't touch
BAE: Don't touch KIM JIWOO!
After preserving the scene, they gather all the evidence and send it to the detective agency
A detective has been assigned
After reviewing the evidence, he's now heading to the school
The detective has officially begun the investigation
It seems only a matter of time before the culprit gets caught
Until the detective arrives, the members must complete missions
※They'll receive a clue about the culprit once they succeed※
Personal missions have been given
※Must be completed before the detective arrives to count※
KYUJIN: These are
LILY: the missions~!
LILY: the detective gave us!
SULLYOON: Let's check them out
HAEWON: This detective is really famous
[Arrest rate 130%]
HAEWON: Super capable!
JIWOO: Let's open it
LILY'S MISSION
Hear 'You're pretty' 3 times
LILY: Too easy~
JIWOO'S MISSION
Link arms with every member
[Shoulder-link simulation]
JIWOO: This is insane...
KYUJIN'S MISSION
Secretly dance the chorus of 'Blue Valentine'
KYUJIN: It doesn't sound too bad?
KYUJIN: I don't think it'll be hard!
SULLYOON'S MISSION
Sing for more than 10 seconds
BAE: Loud enough for everyone to hear
BAE'S MISSION
Make two animal sounds
BAE: I make animal sounds all the time anyway
BAE: so they'll probably just be like 'There she goes again~'
BAE: It should be easy
HAEWON'S MISSION
Hold a scaring pigeons away pose for 10 seconds
HAEWON: This detective...
HAEWON: is really know for annoying people, huh
[coincidentally good at it]
HAEWON: I'm actually great at this kind of thing
[Flap flap]
[Guessing the object without knowing what it is]
Without knowing what their object is, each member must describe it to the others as if it's their evidence
They succeed if they can guess what it is based on the others' reactions and questions
The students gathered again to examine the evidence
HAEWON: So this is where the evidence is, right?
JIWOO: Bring out the evidence!!!
LILY: Where is it~?
HAEWON: Should we sit first?
[Bringing out the tarot cards again]
JIWOO: What?!
HAEWON: She looked at them first again
[Always checks the tarot cards first]
Represents ignorance, instability, illusion, unconsciousness, intuition, and more
a deep and complex meaning
KYUJIN: It means
KYUJIN: we need to doubt everyone
HAEWON: How does that even mean that?
Got a problem?
LILY: Hmm, I do have doubt!
KYUJIN: If you're that suspicious
KYUJIN: I'll clear your doubts first
Dolphin plushie
- This is my piece of evidence
[A dolphin plushie?]
HAEWON: Explain how that could possibly be your evidence
KYUJIN: It's been with me all day
KYUJIN: and I've been carrying it all along
KYUJIN: So look, it doesn't even~
KYUJIN: smell like cake or anything, right?
[LILtriever activated]
LILY: Should I sniff it?
KYUJIN: Go ahead and smell it
[sniff sniff]
KYUJIN: Besides
KYUJIN: it knows everything!
Dolphin: I know everything!
HAEWON: How could you think it knows everything?
KYUJIN: Because she has
KYUJIN: that
SOUL
[A plushie with a soul]
[Her best friend]
HAEWON: So you even take it with you to the bathroom?
KYUJIN: Yup!
HAEWON: Hey you just smelled that thing...
[Rewinding to prevent dirty talk]
HAEWON: So when do you usually use it?
KYUJIN: When I need a friend?
[Oh... KYUJIN's actually doing well]
HAEWON: You're actually doing great right now
[Not sure if it's luck or intuition]
KYUJIN: Thank goodness :'(
HAEWON: How do you use this?
[Inner voice]
KYUJIN: Try turning it on!
KYUJIN: Then it'll send a telepathic message like
Dolphin: KYUJIN!
Dolphin: isn't the culprit!
[LOL]
KYUJIN: "I saw it, I was there with her!"
HAEWON: So you talk talk to dolphins if you make antennae with your fingers?
Makes weird sense somehow...
Dolphins do communicate through ultrasound
Time to guess the answer
KYUJIN: You can carry it around
KYUJIN: and it can be your friend
A plush toy
As expected from a tarot master...!
Got it right in one go
KYUJIN: I got it?
HAEWON: You saw it, didn't you?
Got any proof?
KYUJIN: You, come out!
Boldly summoning the Drama club president
HAEWON: How insolent!
[KYUJIN checking her evidence]
KYUJIN: This is my evidence~
KYUJIN's cute best friend dolphin plushie
[Riiip]
JIWOO: Huh? She...
[KYUJIN ripped her friend open]
You said it was your friend!!!
How could you slice it like sashimi!(?)
Dolphin: You said we were friends...!
Dolphin: Why my back...!
Radish
HAEWON: This is my evidence
[How can a radish...?]
SULLYOON: That's actually incredible?
HAEWON: I gave it a nickname
SULLYOON: What is it?
HAEWON: Vanilla!
[Name: Vanilla/Species : Radish]
HAEWON: Because it's soft and sweet
[HAEWON saying whatever comes to mind]
HAEWON: I needed it to write my speech for student council president
SULLYOON: Why would you need that?
[all worries vanish with radish?]
HAEWON: For peace of mind!
BAE: How does it help?
HAEWON: I just stare at it
[deep gaze]
HAEWON: I treasure it so much
HAEWON: I even hang it on the wall when I sleep(?)
[a little creepy....]
[Her loyal guard]
HAEWON: It kinda feels like it protects me
LILY: How did you fall in love with that thing?
HAEWON: Its first impression was so strong
[Was the radish spicy?]
HAEWON: It moved me into tears
SULLYOON: Why tears?
HAEWON: You in the [drama]'Guardian'
HAEWON: when they meet and the tears fall right away?
HAEWON: It was like that
HAEWON: I think we were connected in a past life...
[Radish Goblin]
[hint slipped]
LILY: I don't think I've ever touched it in that state
HAEWON: Oh so it's something you eat!
LILY: Ugh I shouldn't have said that...!
[Anyone can see it's definitely food...]
[During the temple stay]
JIWOO: I've cried because of that thing before
HAEWON: You've cried because of it before?
CHAGAEDYU EP.03
[JIWOO ended up crying after eating radish kimchi at a temple]
[HAEWON figured it out]
HAEWON: Then it must be radish!
Radish
HAEWON getting the right answer through JIWOO and LILY's hints
[Name is 'Doori']
HAEWON: He's from 'Cocomong'
[Suddenly singing the Cocomong song]
I'm a sausage, Cocomong~♬
'Sing for 10 seconds'
SULLYOON naturally completes her mission!
[SULLYOON mission complete]
HAEWON: You saw this
HAEWON: I was holding it when writing my speech...
SULLYOON: I didn't though?
[your fault for not seeing it]
HAEWON: Then you must be the culprit
On of them is lying?
either she really didn't see HAEWON's radish
or she never brought it at all...!
HAEWON: Right!
HAEWON: LILY!
[LILY's next]
Toe socks
LILY: Okay guys!
LILY: This is apparently my evidence(?)
Apparently it is.
HAEWON: Then when do you use that?
LILY: I don't use it often
LILY: but coincidentally when I went to the practice room...
[she performs better when her toes are free]
BAE: You, seriously lol
BAE: LILY's got the be the culprit!
LILY: Why!!
BAE: You said you used those today, right?
BAE: You normally don't
so why today of all days?
Maybe to avoid leaving footprints...?
SULLYOON: Why would she use them?
LILY: This is actually a recorder(?)
[Like that, out of nowhere?]
(It's a recorder, okay)
LILY: It's got that kind of technology inside
High-tech
[toe-sock recorder]
SULLYOON: Super advanced, yeah
HAEWON: It's my first time seeing one
[World is evolving so fast]
HAEWON: These days that how advanced technology got?
LILY: Because...
LILY: I actually...!
wanted to be president!(?)
Party cake
Murder case
[A confession...?]
LILY: I wanted to be president!
BAE: So that's why you ruined the cake!
Did she just confess?
Why would she suddenly say that...
(Said it without thinking, can't back out)
KYUJIN: Thanks that really helps your alibi
KYUJIN: OMG! LILY totally slipped up, she's in trouble
[gasp]
BAE: LILY's been acting weird all day
BAE: LILY's not usually this weird..
HAEWON: She is kind of like that but
HAEWON: today she's extra weird
BAE: She was totally off all day...
[no comment]
Unable to recover, LILY fails to guess her object
[LILY checking her "high-tech recording" toe socks]
LILY: Okay then, next up
President SULLYOON nominated for next
SULLYOON: Alright~
Cactus model
KYUJIN: How can you use that as evidence?
SULLYOON: Since I like it
SULLYOON: it's always by my side
HAEWON: It follows you around?
[A cactus?]
SULLYOON: it's not, I'm carrying it around
(show us)
[feeling uneasy because she doesn't know what it is]
SULLYOON: Here's how I carry it
[Simply holding it by hand, coolly]
You're carrying it like that?
[It must be prickly though...]
So you carry it barehanded huh
LILY: The president really is different(President SULL, General SULL)
BAE: What are you gonna do with that?
I used for protection (be scared)
BAE: Why? Is someone threatening you?
SULLYOON: There might be someone eyeing the president position, right?
[Thwack thwack with the cactus]
BAE: It's for self-defense? Self-defense?
SULLYOON: Yeah! For self-defense
SULLYOON: How do you guys normally use this?
HAEWON: I use it at barbecue places
HAEWON: if my teeth feel uncomfortable(?)
JIWOO: I saw one in the 'Crayon Shin-chan' movie
[Classic cactus moment]
- True, I've seen it
BAE: Meow~ eat it then meow~
Make animal sounds twice MISSION SUCCESS
Completes mission naturally while talking about cartoons
HAEWON: Did you also bring this when we wrote the speech?
SULLYOON: I had it with me
HAEWON: There's no way though?
LILY: Were you really sitting next to each other?
LILY: You didn't see neither the radish nor the cactus;
They're both big and noticeable though...?
You were together but didn't see each other's evidence?
- Weren't you just staring at each other's faces?
BAE: You two didn't plan this, right?
JIWOO: Could it be that there's more than one culprit?
BAE: So you two secretly planned this?
[It is weird that they didn't notice both the radish and cactus]
BAE: Ah! I'm not criticizing or anything ha
BAE: But you both became student council presidents
(the center of rumors)
BAE: For what I know
BAE: there was supposed to be only one...
Only one per department is possible...?
KYUJIN: One per department
KYUJIN: From when they were nominated
KYUJIN: there was some rivalry
BAE: HAEWON, SULLYOON went secretly
BAE: and used some tricks
[Didn't witness it personally...]
KYUJIN: How did two people...
who kept each other in check become co-presidents...?
BAE: Just hearsay~
[It really was just rumors]
BAE: I'm not sure~
[Typical rumor disclaimer]
BAE: Well~ it's just something I heard so
[my bad if it's not true lol]
LILY: They're both presidents...
LILY: But why would they try to sabotage their own party?
HAEWON: Exactly, it makes no sense
No reason to intentionally ruin the party...
Time to guess
[Anyway back to the game]
- What do you think it is?
SULLYOON: Is it a knife?
LILY: A knife?!
You're a criminal, right!(?)
LILY: You stabbed the cake with a knife, didn't you?
KYUJIN: Check it out!
[checking the answer]
SULLYOON: (ouch, it would hurt) This is real sharp~
Nex turn
Nominated BAE
Ballet shoes
BAE: I actually used them today!
[When? Doing what?]
BAE: I went to eat with cheerleader friends
BAE: I used them to eat
[Eating elegantly]
HAEWON: Why did you used them to eat?
BAE: To show off
HAEWON: How much did you pay for these?
BAE: They're my dad's
[He father's...?]
A father with an elegant hobby
- Really?
SULLYOON: Oh impressive....!!
BAE: My dad passed them down!
[So sweet of him!]
[Retired from ballet?]
HAEWON: How did he end up passing them to you?
BAE: In our family...
BAE: starting from my grandfather...
[LOL]
It's a long-standing ballet family
[Three generations]
LILY: These are in really good condition though?
[Family heirloom to restaurant...?]
BAE: They're a family heirloom
HAEWON: When did you father use them?
BAE: Even while riding a bicycle...
[?]
Practicing ballet in spare moments while biking
- That sounds dangerous
BAE: AH I'm curious!!!
[Completely clueless reaction]
- Ah what could it be?
(Eventually gives up and answer is revealed)
- Look
HAEWON: That's your family heirloom
(Dad...)
- Your father wore these...
[Three-generation ballet family]
- on a bicycle...
Last turn
JIWOO: I nominate!
- Come one out
Cat treat
JIWOO: Alright! This is my evidence
[Guessing the reaction]
JIWOO: It's super cute, right?
LILY: Right
KYUJIN: When do you use this?
JIWOO: It's been my friend by my side since birth~
BAE: Do you eat it often?
[So it's edible!]
JIWOO: Do I eat it often?
[Healthy food?]
JIWOO: I guess I eat it often
JIWOO: to stay healthy
LILY: What does it taste like when you eat it from afar?
Sweat(?)
Sweat(?) and sour(?)
BAE: Isn't it spoiled?
JIWOO: I eat it with friends...
BAE: Wait, are your friends...lol
[Her friends are cats...?]
Ah cute♥
[jealous of D.O]
- Hey so cute
KYUJIN: What did your friends say after they tasted it?
Oh! Gimme more!!
Gimme me more JIWOO♥
LILY: Is there like a recipe or something?
JIWOO: You can eat it frozen
[Refreshing ice treat]
JIWOO: If you freeze it, the texture gets a bit...
JIWOO: the texture...
Time to guess the answer
JIWOO: I think it's food but...
JIWOO: BAE, how do you usually use this?
[Open it]
[Experienced giving the treat to D.O]
JIWOO: Correct!
[Basically a hint to make her guess]
Cat treat
LILY: Whoa!! You gave too many hints!
That's the correct answer
End of explaining without showing the evidence
KYUJIN: But doesn't this...
KYUJIN: not work as an evidence?
Not enough evidence to find the culprit
- It is tough
LILY: Expect for the recorder!
JIWOO: But didn't we all meet to practice the choreography together?
HAEWON: I think we all practiced together
The students were all in the practice room yesterday
Yesterday at the practice room
[LILY, JIWOO were the first ones there]
LILY: Hey, hey! Did you hear?
JIWOO: What, what?
LILY: About HAEWON being co-president
LILY: She absolutely hated it
[Source: rumor]
[HAEWON]
JIWOO: Well she was greedy
JIWOO: Honestly
JIWOO: until HAEWON got the president seat
JIWOO: wasn't she a bit too greedy
JIWOO: LILY also felt the same way
LILY: And she's not even that good at acting
LILY: So I don't get why she wanted to be president~
JIWOO: I think LILY:...!
[Oh my oh my?♥]
JIWOO: you could totally be the leader!
The club members gossiping while HAEWON's absent...
- Really?
LILY: Thank you♥
LILY: It goes the same for you~♥
[Oh for real?]
[The dram club isn't exactly harmonious.....]
- You're way better than HAEWON
[lol]
BAE: Am I allowed to say this?
[setting up rumor insurance]
BAE: I didn't hear it myself but
KYUJIN: actually, LILY...
[seems more than just a bit]
KYUJIN: was a bit jealous of HAEWON
[Dram lead audition]
BAE: She auditioned together with HAEWON
BAE: and HAEWON got the part
BAE: So LILY ended up losing it
[surprise]
LILY: It happened once, just once!
LILY: I had been doing well all this time
LILY: but I caught a cold on the audition day...
[the emotions started building from then]
HAEWON: I did get a lot of lead roles
HAEWON: But what can you do
[How she gained followers]
HAEWON: Followers decide, that's all
LILY: Romeo and Juliet...
[So LILY was Romeo...?]
LILY: Juliet was supposed to be mine originally...
HAEWON: Of course I had to be Juliet
HAEWON: I mean...
[LILY ended up as a tree...?]
HAEWON: No way I'd play a tree, right?
[LILY was 'Tree 3':....]
- She bragged to me
[deeply hurt tree]
- I was really hurt
HAEWON: Since I kept getting lead roles
HAEWON: Some members
[jealousy building up]
HAEWON: slowly started showing discontent
[Head of the club still insisting they're fine]
HAEWON: But it's not like that, in our club
[The members have other thoughts]
- Way better than HAEWON
- We could have both been heads
[HAEWON enters]
HAEWON: Girls, where are you talking about?
[Oh you're here?^^]
[Members immediately change attitude]
- What are you talking about?
LILY: Ah, we just heard something
HAEWON: What?
JIWOO: That SULLYOON...
[Immediately gossiping about SULLYOON]
JIWOO: was super greedy!
HAEWON: SULLYOON?
[+ stirring trouble]
LILY: That she really didn't like being co-president with you!
HAEWON: Who is she to say that?
LILY: I guess she's really not okay with sharing the president spot
HAEWON: Hey even if someone had complaints, it should be me
HAEWON: Why would she complain?
[Oh my, look at that acting]
JIWOO: Exactly what I'm saying! Exactly~
HAEWON: Ugh~ Alright, alright, enough
Drama club decides to stop gossiping and start practice
- Let's practice
- Right, because we're professionals
- Right, we came to practice
[During practice, debate club BAE,KYUJIN appear]
- What are you guys doing here?
[President congratulatory stage]
KYUJIN: We came to practice together, why?
[Practicing was gossip practice?]
- Did you hear that?
- What?
[Not drawing the picture they were about to draw..]
BAE: I heard this from the Art club earlier!
[Rumor network]
BAE: SULLYOON...
[strange alert]
BAE: was really lobbying
[accelerated mode]
BAE: to become president...
KYUJIN: Really...?
BAE: I'm not the type to say stuff like this usually
[Head of rumor network]
KYUJIN: SULLYOON
KYUJIN: to become president
BAE: I've heard she was lobby-...
BAE: or so it seems#$%
[The Art club is the problem]
BAE: I didn't hear it directly, so I'm not sure
[open the rumor network]
BAE: I just heard about it~ so I don't really know
BAE: Only SULLYOON would know the truth
[my bad if it's not true ha]
KYUJIN: But also, the...
SULLYOON: What~ You got here first?
[hello president^^]
[Coincidentally SULLYOON appears]
[SULLYOON actually heard everything]
SULLYOON: Uh... yeah I kinda overheard
SULLYOON: BAE was spreading
SULLYOON: really ridiculous rumors
[Somewhat scary smile...]
Later, both Debate and Drama clubs practiced together
After practice, the Drama club left first
- You guys should practice more
- We're done here
BAE: Why did they leave so early?
SULLYOON: It's kinda suspicious
Totally bewildered(?)
The Debate and Drama clubs' conflict, plus internal disputes
- Totally confusing
[Memories from yesterday]
KYUJIN: Ah, that's right~
[Did they leave early to ruin the cake?]
SULLYOON: The three who left early yesterday were suspicious
HAEWON: Of course not, if you put it that way
[ Late because they ruined the cake?]
HAEWON: What were the ones who came in late doing?
LILY: Anyway, we can't trust anyone right now!
[Everyone's equally suspicious]
KYUJIN: Then!
KYUJIN: Let's each vote for the person we suspect
[Voting sounds good]
- Alright, let's do it!
[To prevent hurt feelings]
KYUJIN: But a public vote might not be great...
LILY: I don't really mind~
[Oh look at her]
- If you guys want
JIWOO: Then...!!
BAE: Should we vote for LILY then?
[I told you I didn't mind~]
HAEWON: Alright! Do we kill LILY? Or spare her?
Switching to public vote
Do you want to kill LILY?
LILY: Guys~
I love you all~♥
[Switching back to secret votes, one by one]
1st round of voting
Vote for the person you suspect the most
LILY: The person I suspect...
KYUJIN: is LILY
HAEWON: Right now, LILY
HAEWON: is one of the most suspicious people
LILY: HAEWON really is like that
LILY: You could call her a Slytherin
HAEWON: LILY doesn't even know where the practice room is...
LILY: I'm also directionally challenged...
KYUJIN: Suddenly, again?
KYUJIN: You said you were in the practice room too?
LILY: People get confused, I'm human
HAEWON: She confessed her true feelings
HAEWON: of wanting to be president
[lol?]
Idiot: I'm just a bit of an idiot ha
Idiot: I'm an idiot but...!
[An innocent idiot!]
Innocent idiot: I have no bad intentions!
HAEWON: As for the person who ruined the cake today
KYUJIN's vote - LILY
KYUJIN: I'll be voting for LILY
HAEWON: Someone who was at the scene...
HAEWON's vote - KYUJIN
HAEWON: I'll be voting for KYUJIN
[HAEWON's unexpected choice]
LILY: The culprit is
LILY's vote - HAEWON
LILY: I think it's HAEWON
BAE: The person I think is the culprit...
JIWOO: I've been suspecting president SULLYOON from earlier
BAE: I think it could be SULLYOON too because
BAE: when we heard she'd be co-presidents
BAE: I don't think she would have just stayed quiet
JIWOO: Maybe she wanted to be the sole president?
SULLYOON: I don't love it either
SULLYOON: but I'm doing it because I have
SULLYOON: I don't like it either
BAE: And everyone's having a small party together
BAE: and you're just staying quiet?
BAE: That's honestly a bit weird, for real
JIWOO: The person whom I think ruined the cake is
JIWOO's vote - SULLYOON
JIWOO: President SULLYOON
BAE: There were a lot of odd things today
SULLYOON: As for who ruined the cake
BAE: That's why I think it's LILY(?)
[after suspecting SULLYOON...?]
SULLYOON's vote - LILY
BAE's vote - LILY
Most votes
[utterly confused LILY]
[Self-introduction?]
LILY: This idiot!
[Angry innocent idiot]
- You idiots
JIWOO: I don't have any...
LILY: My precious...lol
[You're upset about this...?]
[Secretly hurt]
JIWOO: No one suspects me...
LILY: But actually
LILY: there's a hidden card
LILY: The real culprit
LILY: will be revealed by the detective
[And so they're waiting for the detective]
At that moment! The detective arrives at school
Detective: Hello, I'm Detective!
Detective: WON HAEOH
The skilled Detective WON HAEOH arrives at school
Will Detective WON HAEOH be able to solve this case?
The Party cake Murder case
To be continued
EP.02 10/31(Fri) 18:00